[Music]
welcome to the seven-minute marketing
podcast with your host Pam dinner as
leading marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
help you achieve better alignment
between sales and marketing if you enjoy
this podcast please share with your
colleagues and leave review on iTunes
let's get started hi everyone thank you
so much for tuning in to my podcast so I
received a question from a Jonathan he
sent me an email and told me that he has
a solution that he wants to market to
farmers yay but there are so many
middleman he wonders if there's any way
to educate the farmers directly about
his solution and cut out as many such as
dealers and distributors as possible
Majin odd I completely understand your
frustration it would be great to talk to
buyers directly about your products hit
the core and go to the decision-makers
directly who can make the buying
decision that sounds perfect right well
there's one thing that you need to do
first you need to know how your farmer
audience receives their information you
need to understand the path they go
through to receive the knowledge or get
themselves educated so here are some
questions that come to my mind that you
need to ask and a fine answers can they
easily access the Internet to get any
information they need do they go to some
sort of local gathering so events to get
information say by talking to different
farmers or do they have dealers or
distributors they talk to get
information from them I'd suggest that
you talk to as many farmers as possible
to learn how they get information then
you can determine what channels you
should use to reach them obviously you
have a solution you want to sell right
so depending on the channels they use
you can determine what formats of
content you want to use to create to
reach out to them you may use
collaterals videos or press
no Chantelle's regarding you a question
of cutting our middleman I don't think
you can totally cut them out if farmers
have been buying through them chances
are that's how they buy I'm not sure
that you can change their buying
behaviors overnight so rather than
cutting them out can you think of a way
to leverage this middleman and get them
to be your partners and help you sell
your products take advantage of the
system instead of going against it
understanding how farmers buy will help
you determine how you can leverage the
middleman is that helpful so here's a
quick summary number one understand how
your farmers receive knowledge document
a journey and create the content
according to them make your content
information available through that
journey stages number two understand how
your farmers buy identify their touch
points and the contacts to see how you
can leverage them I'm fully aware that
different farming communities receiving
information and knowledge and buying
products from different sources I get is
complicated I would start small and test
your communications approach in a small
city or area first again talk to as many
farmers as possible try to understand
them determine your learning journeys
and test your content out the best
marketing approach is grassroots
marketing there's no shortcut selling
products to farmers is alone play you
need to be patient and optimize your
outreach as you go all right I hope I
answer your question and best luck with
your endeavors so if you like what you
hear it will be greatly appreciated that
you'll like and subscribe my podcasts on
iTunes again if you have any questions
please send them my way let's continue
to learn from each other all right have
a great day
if you enjoyed this podcast we share it
with your colleagues and we review on
iTunes
[Music]